chore: Document `approx_topk` keyword. (#15179)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/query/metric_queries.md

      or
    vector(0) # will return 0
    ```

## Probabilistic aggregation

> LogQL also supports a probabilistic `topk` approximation that is a drop-in replacement when `topk` hits the maximum series limit.

Reviewer: The current text assumes that users are already familiar with what topk is, but we don't really do a good job of defining it in the documentation.

```suggestion
The `topk` keyword lets you find the largest 1,000 elements in a data stream by sample size. When  `topk` hits the maximum series limit, LogQL also supports using a probable approximation; `approx_topk`  is a drop-in replacement when `topk` hits the maximum series limit.
```

```logql
approx_topk(k, <vector expression>)
```

It is only supported for instant queries and does not support grouping. It is useful when the cardinality of the inner

> vector is too high, e.g. when it uses an aggregation by a structured metadata label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vector is too high, for example, when it uses an aggregation by a structured metadata label.
```
